FTIR fitting tool v3. with customization of layer structures.For any questions or sugguestions please contact pman3@uic.eduversion 3+ uses Qt designed UI instead of tkinter. This could offer many benefits like more natual OS compatible theme, more readable code structure and a lot more potential for future updates. The main python file of the new version has reduced about 1k lines of codes compared to that of version2, and it performs equally good if not better. Basic concept of this program:A totally customized thin film heterostructure with up to 23 layers can be used to calculate, fit, model the FTIR data.The CdTe and HgTe offset function is used to fit the fringes. This is a very import idea since version 2.It is based on the fact that all flux remain relatively stable during the growth.So the layer thicknesses are not independent. They are related by the flux of CdTe and Te cells.The fringes fitting function is currently running slow. However, it is not recommended in the first place.There are so many fitting parameters in this multi-layer model, so manually fitting the fringes is highly recommended.The fitting range for CdTe offset is +-10, and for HgTe is +-5. You can change them inside the code.The accuracy of the fitting is questionable due to fundamental reasons.Now the program can fit both the fringes and cutoff curve.Fitting cutoff uses the fitting parameters described in: Schacham and Finkman, J. Appl. Phys. 57, 2001 (1985).Some parameters are adjusted based on real experiment data. See code for detail.Fitting fringes and cutoff curve are totally different. While fitting fringes use pure theory and measured refraction index, fitting curoff curve is semi-classical. The fitting parameters could change.n and k of each layer are very important in this program. We use them carefully and keep improving the accuracy.Update Log:v 3.01:Added material SiO, PbTe and Al.v 3.00:First build for version 3. Qt(PyQt5) is used to redesign the UI. v. 2.63:   Some minor changes to cooperate with the Toolbox.v. 2.62:   Optimized window arrangement.   Optimized color handling for embed purpose.v. 2.61:   Fixed an issue where the program cannot be opened from cmd directly.   Fixed an issue where it may raise an error message due to materials data overflow.v. 2.60:   This update is focused on performance and stability improvements.   A lot of features are packed in v2.5. v2.6 will be more stable and with less bugs.v. 2.59:   Now one can calculate extinction coefficient k(k is not T-dependant.)   Extinction coefficient k of ZnSe, ZnS, Ge and BaF2 are adjusted based on real FTIR data.   Added option to use ideal extinction coefficient k in "Settings".   Added "input data type" option. "Settings" UI is optimized.   Added options for absorption axis scale. The scale automatically change when k is used instead.   "Angle" option is now moved to settings.   Optimized a few log output. Colored log output.   Optimized code for cal_k function. Now it will not show error message when lambda is out of range.   Fixed a few small bugs.   Help file is updated to represent the current version.v. 2.58:   Added configurations to the configuration file. Now you have the option to remember all settings in "settings".   Added function to prevent click button during calculation.   Added unicode characters for alpha.   Customized color theme.v. 2.57:   Added wavenumber/wavelength/energy/composition calculator.   Optimized coding for faster calculation.   Added "Load background" warning for opening file from SQL.v. 2.56:   Added "Abort mission" function.   Added function to prevent user from clearing all data during calculation.v. 2.55:   Added interactive help for a lot of buttons and labels.   Optimized UI for windows.   Fixed two small bugs.   Added GuessANumber. Click bottom left corner.v. 2.54:   Added "Open from SQL" function.   Added new Qt based dialog window to load from sql servers.   Simplified a chunk of initializing code for creating datastructures for reference files.   Added unicode characters for -1 and mu where appropriate.   Added "Blind calculation" in settings. Blind calculation runs faster.   Added interactive help for buttons.   Added total time calculation to the logs.v. 2.53:   Added live graph for "Show Trans" function.   Added live graph for "Fit Trans" function.   Added live graph for "Cal a" function.v. 2.52:   Now the program can fit the cutoff curve. See help file for details.   Now the MCT absorption calculation function is T-dependent.   Optimized UI buttons.   Added new layer structure: VLWIR SL.v. 2.51:   Added T-dependent refractive index for ZnSe, BaF2 and Ge.   Now one can calculate absorption coefficient for multiple absorption layers.   Optimized UI for Windows.   Fixed a bug where the default preload structure cannot be loaded.v. 2.50:   Temperature is introduced into the fitting tool. Added temperature in "settings".   Added material data fro Si3N4, air.   Added one more substrate option: Air.   Extended the total number of layers can be added from 16 to 22.   Modified "Clear" function.   Modified "Calculate absorption" function.   Modified "Calculate MCT absorption" function.   Added function to prevent two structures stack together.   Toolbar buttons are optimized to fit in more function buttons.   Now the newest added layer will shw on top instead of bottom.v. 2.40:   Added material data for ZnSe, BaF2, Ge and ZnS for FPI project.   Added settings function.   Added saveresult function.  